Update login.md (#780)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/gsctl/login.md

description: "The 'gsctl login' command starts an authenticated session."
type: page
weight: 41
user_questions:

> - How can I authenticate gaianst an API endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How can I authenticate against an API endpoint using gsctl?
```

> - How do I login to gsctl manually?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How do I login with gsctl manually?
```

> - How do I login to gstcl in a script?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How do I login with gsctl in a script?
```
